specify when releases move between support levels (#30372)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/python.md

> | Level                | Policy |
> |----------------------|--------|
> | General Availability | Bug fixes are released on the most recent General Availability minor release line. New features are released periodically as minor version changes. Critical fixes are backported to the three most recent minor release lines. |
> | Maintenance          | The most recent Maintenance minor release line receives critical fixes. Releases "x.y.z" go from GA to Maintenance 12 months after the "x.0.0" release. |
> | End of Life (EOL)    | Receives no updates or support. Releases "x.y.z" go from Maintenance to EOL 18 months after the "x.0.0" release. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Support Level | Support Provided | Lifecycle Timeline |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **General Availability (GA)** | <li>New features and enhancements</li><li>All bug and security fixes (on the latest minor release)</li><li>Critical fixes backported (to the 3 most recent minor releases)</li> | A major version is in GA for **12 months** following its initial `x.0.0` release. |
| **Maintenance** | <li>Critical security and bug fixes only</li> | A major version enters Maintenance **12 months** after its initial release and remains for **6 months**. |
| **End of Life (EOL)** | <li>No updates or support</li> | A major version becomes EOL **18 months** after its initial `x.0.0` release. |  
```
Thanks for this update! I know this is something we wanted to clarify for a while. I think your edit is an improvement, but I had the idea to break this whole table into 3 columns instead. What do you think?

<img width="751" height="322" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ef54616-c6f3-42be-a67e-c21860f7284a" />

Author: Love it!
